subsection 'Reporting progress for long running tasks' was added to section 1 (#77)
oda-hub/hugo-odahub: content/docs/guide-development.md

Of course, relying on external data archives and data access services may pose a problem for reproducibility of results and potentially for the service operational stability. The external services may have downtime period, they may be upgraded and change their API etc. We leave it to the developer to make sure the requests to external services are operational and reproducible. We encourage the developers to supply tests that will be automatically executed from time to time during service operations and are supposed to always yield exactly the same results. If this is not so, this may signal a problem with non-availability of some external services, in this cases you, as the service developer, will be alerted and invited to investigate the origin of the problem.  It may also happen that the notebook would not produce the exactly
the same result every time but still be reproducible (see motivation on [the difference between reproducibility and repeatability](https://github.com/volodymyrss/reproducibility-motivation/)). 

### Reporting progress for long running tasks

> In case your computation task runs considerable amount of time and can be splitted into stages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case your computation task runs considerable amount of time and can be splitinto stages
```

> consider reporting task progress using ODA API class ProggressReporter:

Reviewer 2: ProggressReporter -> ProgressReporter

Perhaps I would add few words on what you mean with stages, using a simple example for instance

Reviewer: I think it's relatively clear what are stages, but I agree that an example is useful. There is already an example lower in the text, maybe it can be mentioned here.

```
from oda_api.api import ProgressReporter
pr = ProgressReporter()

> pr.report_progress(stage='simulation', progress=0, substage='step 1')

Reviewer: `stage 1` ? :) 
Actually could we give an example of something specific, e.g. "reading input data" or something?
